we're waiting for brie Larson and oh
well oh she's here oh look at that hey
Bree what sorry yeah I know I didn't
even know there was a door over there
absolutely cool oh my god this movie has
been getting attention attention
attention I'm seeing tomorrow I cannot
wait it's my most anticipated film of
the festival Wow and uh it was based on
a short film that was about a boy yeah
and you were not that did you see the
short film I did you did I did how did
it go from there um well the short was
sent to me along with the screenplay
and it was great because I was able to
kind of see very quickly what that world
looks like to somebody who doesn't know
what that world looks like at all and
was able to see Destin's incredible
style of having so much depth with so
little actually said and shown and so
much restraint and so much humor and
darkness and and just kind of those
those deep eternal parts of human beings
and that's those are the things that
he's expressing in his films and I I
just knew that I wanted to do it more
than anything right and he worked with
writer directors before but have you
ever worked with the director who is
basically almost living the what the
story is it's kind of bleeding out from
him isn't it yeah yeah and it's the film
isn't exactly about his experience but
it's very similar to his experiences and
there were certain things certain scenes
that going into it
deston would be totally honest and say
you know this actually happened to me so
I don't I don't know what you're gonna
do with this but I know how it's
supposed to be and so there's a lot of
anticipation but it ended up being one
of those weird experi
where I just I don't know I just knew
how to do it
it was cool to be able to live it and
experience it and then to have him not
just as someone who creatively I look up
to but somebody who knows the world
really well and knew when it was being
true to this situation which is so
important when we're trying to deal with
a sensitive subject to make sure that
it's honestly depicted absolutely and
that honesty is particularly important
especially since you share so many
scenes with kids you have such dichotomy
with kids throughout the story yeah
that's a tough thing to pull through to
make it feel genuine and to make it feel
like you're both kind of on the same
level yeah what was that like we're
working with the camp a wonderful group
of young actors yeah they're amazing I
don't know if anybody thinks that I did
a good job in this film it's only
because of them like they're just most
of my job with them was just to listen
and to understand the rules and we spend
some time with them before kind of doing
improv and kind of a fake fake scenarios
because if you're in a real foster home
each kid has specific things they've
specific triggers they have certain ways
that you can touch them certain things
of information about them that you know
you don't know and you understand how to
relate to them and you have a very deep
connection with these kids and it's a
strange balance between giving so much
and being there and being loving and
also being completely restrained and
strong and firm in yourself so that
these kids can't can't can't push you
right so we it was
those things it just was on and off
screen he's a lot of them it was either
their first job or they were very new to
it so I think that naturally they just
kind of looked to me as being the elder
and and their their spark and their
hunger for this and the amount of time
and effort that they each put into
developing these characters is the most
exciting thing I think about this film
is that mirrors the the actual film so
beautifully yeah exactly
and in Caitlin as well just in real life
I feel like we have very similar I see
so much of myself in her so it just made
everything it made everything really
easy I mean I maybe I just loved them so
much through the best now the reception
has just been through the roof what was
it like when you first saw the film when
it all came together what was that
experience it was a very curious
experience because I I had never seen so
much of myself from every angle and my
first thought was that's what the back
of my head looks like I had no idea and
that was it just felt like what a luxury
most people don't know what the back of
their head looks like when they're
walking away now I know but it's it was
interesting I mean it's I'm not someone
who necessarily enjoys watching
themselves but I understand that the
films aren't for me they're not some
sort of like great time for me to just
like Google myself and in a huge theatre
but I felt like it just reminded me of
the time spent actually making the film
which was a really poignant and exciting
experience for everybody and I just feel
like the love that we all shared while
filming it has bled through and I think
that's why the film is doing so well and
is moving people the way that it is
because it's kind of just like this
little care package of love that just
ran
it's cool very cool it is very cool now
you worked with Dustin and he seems like
a great guy I remember being at the new
Beverly with the Scott Pilgrim showing
and they actually showed your short film
which he co-directed and it was really
good it was really really good I screwed
up with the DVD on that one so it was a
little blurry it's a little blurry on
the screen meant to be seen on the
screen but it was it was absolutely do
you have a bug in effort for directing
now yeah so we can expect it realize yes
you definitely I mean you can't
eventually it's I had a short that
played that premiered as well I taught
myself last one win short term 12 did so
it was a it was a really cool week of
time where it felt like like the acting
creative self from the writing directing
creative self kind of came together and
everybody from short term 12 came and
surprised me at the screening of the
short and it was lovely that's awesome
well we're movie say we love films and
is there any film out in particular
right now it sure was the hand right
smaller version what are your films that
any films in particular that you're
looking forward to coming out right now
or that you see recently that you really
dug people love recommendations recently
I think I've been so completely out of
the loop I just got back from India two
days ago so everything I am thinking
about are just weird India movies that
would be yeah I mean my favorite films I
mean everything in my favorite ones
boogy night oh hell yes you have to work
with Paul something I want that to have
course I would love you are sending an
invitation right now that's like my
favorite filmmaker you want to be it is
felt this way I would want to be I can't
act worth a
of course but he's the best and then I'm
obviously a huge fan of everything on
the criterion collection they can pretty
much close my eyes and point and it's
all it's all great awesome and so I've
been kind of going back through that
catalogue because those films are also
so wonderful and so so dense and so many
of them are foreign and so it takes like
roschmann I just saw that for the first
time amazing it is amazing and I keep I
can't stop thinking about it it's which
version what version yeah yeah and it's
such as it's an incredible way to use
film and that's what I find interesting
is when we take the opportunity of not
just making a movie for a sake of vanity
or for the sake of just like making a
movie but we do it in a way that makes
people it gives these lasting
impressions of and that film in
particular seeing things from a
different point of view and what is
truth and what is fiction and blurring
those lines and doing it through film is
man I'm Andrew we're at movieclips I
this is my most anticipated film of the
year III
the festival so far I haven't seen it
yet but I've been hearing nothing but
great buzz about it so friends might
seem yourself by Southwest and they're
just exploding around there so I'm very
excited I want to know though what was
the impetus to change your short film
into a feature when when we premiered
the the short at Sundance I'd I was
actually really surprised by some of the
conversations that I had afterwards with
people who really connected with the
movie and I guess I wasn't really
expecting so many people to connect with
that world and separately and so that
was I was a huge inspiration for me to
want to turn it into something else and
you changed the main characters gender
right was that also like a something
that would spark something new for the
story yeah I mean I tried I honestly
tried writing the the feature expanding
the characters exactly as they were but
but the short was never meant to be
turned into a feature so it just didn't
feel right and as soon as I changed the
main character from a male to a female
it became frightening for me to write
which which was also just made it feel
fresh and they
and what point in the casting process
did you think oh great I found my I
found my lead I mean it was my first
conversation with free where I saw I saw
Grayson Grace's the main character of
the film and she goes just I mean we she
did an audition we just had a
conversation and she would stop talking
him up how she saw the movie and how she
saw that character and there was by the
end of that conversation I just I just
knew she'd be perfect for training and
tonally I've heard that it changes tones
all over the place how do you approach
that in terms of writing do you know how
you're going to kind of tackle it or is
it just something intuitive when you
find on the set well the movie my my my
attempt at writing this movie was to try
to to get as close as I could to the
world that I experienced while I was
working at that place and the tone of
that world which is full of humor and
full of you know tragedy and full of
some of the most blissful moments that
have ever had in my life so all of those
emotions were those pretty commonplace
for myself to go through a huge roller
coaster every single day and so yeah and
what while I was writing I was I knew
that this that this movie would
incorporate all those things from the
beginning to end we just tried to make
it as believable as we could well the
the film has just been getting major
praise like I said South by Southwest
Grand Jury and how is that been how is
it now going at the LA Film Festival
where we're pumped to be here because we
this is our this is where we shot the
movie this is this is where almost
everybody from our cast and crew are
from and so I'm really excited to show
it here and we're really excited to have
some conversation cool do you have any
future projects or ideas boiling up
inside yeah I've got some some things
brewing I'm not I'm not exactly sure
what well thank you so much I'm seeing
this tomorrow and I could not be more
excited man seriously we're we're we're
hearing a lot of great things
thanks man have a good one you know it
came to me last summer I was back home
in New York and just one day checked my
email and I had this script my agent
sent me called short term 12 and I think
I don't know for sure I haven't really
ever fully confirmed it but I'm pretty
sure you know brie Larson was cast as
the lead role grace and I think that she
had a discussion with the director about
you know who to play the supporting role
who to play her boyfriend and my name
had been tossed around a little bit so
they decided to send it to me and see
what I thought and I read it and I I'm
not kidding it was just one of the one
of the most amazing things I've ever
read it was one of the best scripts that
my eyes have ever touched and and so I
left at the chance to become involved
and then once I met brie and I met
Destin it was just so clear that that
you know it was it was destined to be
kind of a labor of love and everybody's
head and heart we're really in the right
places with it and then you know making
it was an amazing experience and for
Marion south-by-southwest was you know
above and beyond what I could have
imagined for it and so I'm so excited
that you know more people are gonna get
a chance to see it now very cool did you
see the short film that he made or did
you draw anything I did they sent the
short to me when I was when they when
they sent me this script to consider and
as if the script wasn't good enough I
then watched the short and what it does
in such a short amount of time is so
profound the the kind of emotional
rollercoaster that takes you on in
something like I think it's maybe 12
minutes there
it's very very short that was when I
knew that that Destin was really really
a genius
yeah and that what he was able to do
with that I thought well I I have no no
doubts in him at that point I knew that
he was going to be able to deliver a
really really strong feature film and he
absolutely did and then some very cool
now one of the things that's
particularly amazing about this film is
kind of the relationships you guys have
with the kids what was it like working
with with these young guys I mean I by
the end of the shoot I thought I got to
go back to school and take some more
acting classes I mean I just felt like
they just showed up and you know that
you know we've got it was an age range
from 13 to 21 basically for all the kids
I think the oldest really the only the
only one not in in their teens was Keith
Stanfield who plays Marcus and he was 20
or 21 when we were shooting but he was
in the short and he was about 18 at that
time and they were just unbelievable I
mean it was so inspiring to see such
untapped like natural talent as so many
of them hadn't really done that much
prior to and also when you have like a
you know a team leader like Destin at
the helm it just creates a really kind
of lovely environment and much like in
the film like you said you know even
though there's these you know really
amazing you know children that you know
child characters and child actors there
was a you know not that we weren't
taking proper care of them and like
property no giving them proper
nourishment but there wasn't that
condescension it wasn't like people were
being handled with kid gloves it was a
very from the beginning it was it was it
was kind of obvious that it was all an
equal playing field that we were all
here to do the same thing we're all here
to do good work and you know that where
we shot in that facility we you know we
basically were in rooms like our
dressing rooms were rooms that weren't
unlike the rooms that the characters at
the at the facility in the film you know
live in and so I had a little room with
like my bunk beds and everything and we
were all kind of in the same place and
so it was really it was just a little
kind of Garden of Eden that being on set
with
with those kids they're amazing and the
work that they do on on the screen just
speaks for itself well this is also a
huge summer for you with the newsroom
coming out I have a question I have this
thing going on where whenever something
happens the first thing immediately that
goes in my mind is how is that gonna fit
in with the newsroom yeah what's Heron
star gonna do with it do you have that
same thing no no no I mean not really
because in a sense there's so much I
mean so much happens in the world and
now that we now that we have you know
such a more vibrant than ever 24-hour
news cycle thanks to social media and
the internet it's just so impossible to
keep up with everything and so the
minute I start thinking about oh how
would this get dealt with wit you know
how's errands are gonna write about this
and there's another news story breaks I
think well how are they gonna have time
to fit all of them in so I think what he
does is he really we kind of make them
wants to make sure that whatever news
story gets tackled on the show it has to
be there in a way that it can pertain to
whatever the personal struggles of all
the characters are so that he's not just
you know it's so that it doesn't become
like he's exploiting something that
actually happened and affected a lot of
people you know all right well
congratulations on the film man I cannot
wait Sam seen its mark what's up man how
you doing great how are you
so this your first movie and I've heard
haven't seen haven't seen it tomorrow
I've heard it's amazing and I've heard
you're great in it and so now that we
have that out of the way how was your
experience when you first saw live I was
actually surprised like I knew it was
gonna be good like just from like
actually just being there every day but
I actually saw it all put together it
was crazy it was like some wizard
sprinkles some stuff on there and they
they made it crazy like to the tenth
degree so I was really excited it was
awesome a dude I can't I can't wait I
seriously south-by-southwest you got
Grand Jury Prize for a few of my friends
have seen it had just been praising it
um so how has that experience after you
saw it South by Southwest grand jury now
at the LA Film Festival how is this kind
of reception
stoped really yeah that kind of sums
everything hope is stoked it's crazy
it's a crazy experience and I'm just
taking it all in and feeling good about
it man I'm glad everyone can connect
with you like that's awesome that's
great dude do you have any plans coming
up
I plan to dance I don't know if you can
plan that what was it about this project
that really attracted you I think it was
just the cast I got me all together
because there's like there's so many
kids in that movie and then like
director with the director Destin would
come in like no talk with us there would
be such a bond with all of us that made
the movie I think really great because
everyone you each other outside the film
and inside of it we all acted like you
know we were there we were family
already so I think that's what made that
you know I can miss you really really
great in genuine so I think what about
this movie is to say there's a lot of
like love too right there's a chemistry
to you guys to the adults and the kids
and just like a dichotomy between you
which is something you don't see a lot
in movies and you think it's because of
the kind of familial family you're
suppose you're acting like you're
supposed to know all these kids and like
you've been living with them for like
past couple of five years how how can
you do it you know so like to get on it
just like in three or four months just
to get to know them so much and then
like we got to play around before
shooting you know that you know we had
such a like I said big chemistry so
that's what makes it like really like
like real you know it's not acting like
we would play around with each other and
then like we'd also do that while we're
filming so that's like that's what makes
it really good it was really interesting
I almost didn't do it at first it was a
um a really tiring day it was hot it was
last year it was just blazing in the
summer and I eventually just kind of got
off off my lazy butt and did it and it
as soon as I did it I just kind of
realized I was like that was oddly
serendipitous and I think as soon as I
got on set I knew that there was
something special about this because it
the energy on set was just
phenomenal everyone just bonded
immediately even the cast and the crew
we just all just became like this big
family it was an amazing first
experience the first time I saw the film
was out here in LA at the producers
office very cool it was just like a very
like a big stream just kind of quick
run-through just me and my dad and I
cried I don't cry at movies I cried at
Toy Story 3 that was it that was it you
and me both and I cried at that movie it
was I was only on set for the group home
scenes and just to see the movie string
together it was a great thing on script
it was a beautiful thing
that's great man well congratulations
thank you
great so this movie has just been a
phenomenal head for the summer South by
Southwest huge reception what was your
involvement how did you get involved
with it um well at first I just got sent
the script my agent and I read it
immediately and I thought it was so
wonderful and it was just so amazing and
the writing was awesome and I really
thought that my character Jaden would be
a really cool character to play and that
I would really have to like digging deep
to find her and really portray her and
she was like such a deep like depressed
it was just so I just wanted to play her
so bad because it was like it would be
the most character like I'd have to
really change myself and so I was really
looking forward to that and then I I did
an audition and they called me right
back and I did a callback and I pretty
much booked it I like like the day after
or maybe that night
and I was just I was I was so like I was
jumping up and down I was so excited
that's awesome
did you see the short film that
estimated I did but I didn't see it
before I auditioned so I kind of I kind
of yeah I kind of came in fresh and I
saw it afterwards everyone became so so
close it was so awesome it just made
everything easier like the scenes when
the actors are so good it just makes
everything flow a lot better and Destin
was so so amazing he's so like
completely down-to-earth and he's just
he he's so like easygoing and he kind of
he did get like direct like direction
but he kind of let me find the character
on my own as well which I loved and he
just he had a vision and he did an
amazing job and the film I think it's
beautiful speaks for itself
yeah absolutely so what was it like when
you first saw it because the experience
of making it was phenomenal obviously
what was that moment like
well the moment I saw it we it was a
first screening at South by Southwest so
that audience it was the first time I
saw it so like I would look over and
some guy would be crying and then I look
over again and he'd be laughing and it
was just I think it's a lot better to
see you with an audience for your first
time it was really it was really cool
that's so cool and now you're here at
the LA Film Festival the journey from
South by Southwest to hear the reception
the buzz that you can get that
everybody's been getting how is that
going it's I'm like so happy everyone I
mean
like when we won the South by Southwest
Jury Prize Destin I was sitting next to
him and he couldn't even stand up when
they announced his name he was like it's
like everyone is just crying and we were
all so happy for everyone because we
weren't so hard on the film and it was
just it was just a team effort and and
and I'm so proud of Destin - because
he's all right last question where a
movie site we love movies what are some
movies that you're looking forward to or
that you've recently seen that you blog
oh gosh I recently just my parents let
me see the master oh my gosh wait what
wait no no okay new game new game okay
Django saw that like three days ago that
was really Unchained yeah yeah Django
Unchained I call it Django for some
reason but yeah yeah anyway that was
good very cool I the master after that
after I saw the master I mean I'm like a
walking penis is one of my like favorite
actors but after I saw the master I was
really confused like I didn't know what
happened maybe I need to see it again to
understand the concepts and the story